#Fee Collection Requirements



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>
<h1>Requirements</h1>


   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Definitions</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Inflation Percentage: 0.0035% (per Epoch)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>End of Epoch</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall increase the Logos total supply by the inflation percentage.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall store new value for total supply in the Epoch block.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall accumulate the transaction fees collected during the Epoch and the new logos generated by inflation into a single reward pool.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall store the integral value for the reward pool in the Epoch block.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>When the Epoch block is proposed, delegates must validate the total supply and reward pool values stored therein.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall determine the reward earned for each delegate and increase each delegate’s balance by the corresponding amount.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall award each delegate with an amount of logos that roughly equals the percentage of its share of delegate stake applied to the reward pool. Distributing fractional values of logos will be avoided as logos will be distributed in a round-robin (Descending order by delegate ID) fashion until each delegate's reward reaches the necessary threshold which will be determined by their stake percentage and a certain amount of error due to rounding. The rounding will always be deterministic because of the round-robin distribution.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall place a receive in each delegate’s receive chain per the rewards earned during the Epoch.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The hash stored in the receive generated by delegate rewards shall refer to the post-committed Epoch block.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall store the integral value of the reward received by each delegate within the Epoch block.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Claiming Rewards</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall provide a request for claiming rewards.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The claim reward request shall contain a field denoting the amount of logos that is to be claimed.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Upon receiving a valid reward claim, the core software shall assess the total reward earned and deposit this amount to the sender’s account, generating a receive in the process.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall reject any reward claim request containing reward value doesn’t represent the maximum value of logos that can be claimed by that account.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>To facilitate the validation of reward claim requests, the core software shall leverage a field stored in accounts that indicates the most recent epoch for which the account’s rewards have been claimed.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Accounts that have not participated in voting during an Epoch must be excluded from claiming rewards for that Epoch, effectively reducing the size of the reward distribution tree for that epoch.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Reward exclusion is transitive with respect to proxying, so an account that has staked to a representative that failed to vote during an epoch will not earn any trickle-down rewards from that representative.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>In order to mitigate spam attacks whereby a user repeatedly sends claim reward requests, forcing the core software to perform the computationally expensive task of determining the available reward for an account, the core software shall store, within accounts, a field that denotes the most recent epoch for which the available rewards were computed.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall reject claim reward requests for accounts that have either claimed rewards or checked the available awards for the previous epoch
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Upon receiving a valid request to claim rewards, the core software shall update either the claim check epoch or the claim epoch (Inclusive or) stored within the account.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Kickbacks</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall allow delegates to provide kickbacks to supporting voters, whereby an announced percentage of the rewards earned by the delegate will be distributed to supporting voters in a manner similar to the aforementioned round-robin method, less the system accumulate dust.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall allow representatives to provide kickbacks to supporting voters, whereby an announced percentage of the rewards earned by the representative will be distributed to supporting voters in a manner similar to the aforementioned round-robin method, less the system accumulate dust.
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>The core software shall compute kickbacks, if any, when processing reward claim requests and include these amounts in the total rewards earned.
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


